Document how to connect to Cloud SQL (#15783)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/deploying-to-google-cloud.adoc

When the deployment is done, the output will display the URL to access your application.

== Using Cloud SQL

> Google Cloud SQL provides managed instances for MySQL, Postgres and Sqlserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Cloud SQL provides managed instances for MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQLServer.
```

Quarkus has support for all three databases.

> To make them works with Cloud SQL you first need to use the corresponding JDBC extension, for example for Postgres,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make them work with Cloud SQL, you first need to use the corresponding JDBC extension, for example for PostgreSQL,
```
